This option is useful when we want to change commission permanently.

Setting commissions for a shorter period of time
This option is useful when we are negotiating commissions with clients and want to change it for a specified period of time.
1)	At the beginning we should check what commission is assigned to the client's account.
2)	Repeat steps A-B from previous slides (“Commision table for CIF”).
3)	In order to change the commission we go to the "Promo condition" tab.
4)	Then select the plus icon located in the upper right corner.
5)	In the new tab we provide the following information:
a.	new commission,
b.	old commission (to which the customer will return),
c.	description,
d.	duration,
e.	client  CIF number.
6)	We select the save option.
7)	At the end we check the commission assigned to the client in “Commision table for CIF” tab.
8)	If it turns out that we have to change the commission again (negotiation process), we overwrite the settings. In order to do this, we must repeat steps 3-7.
Useful information for negotiation process.
1)	If the client wants to negotiate a commission, we kindly ask for:
a.	the size of the transaction
b.	when he's planning to exchange currency.
2)	The starting point for negotiations is around 7000 EUR or the equivalent in another currency. This is not a fixed value. We can approach it subjectively.
3)	We try not to give preferential terms for more than 3 months.
4)	We start with a 20% discount. If the customer asks for more, we increase it in stages (20%, 30%, 40% etc.).
Checking users information
This option is useful when we want to check users information.
1.	In order to find a user we go to the “Users” tab.
2.	In the new tab we provide one of the following information:
a.	client  CIF number
b.	client e-mail address.
3.	We select confirm button located in the upper right corner.
4.	This tab searches only for individual clients.
Adding a counter
This option is useful when we want to increase clients counter.
1.	In order to add a counter we go to “Client counter for CIF” tab.
2.	At the beginning we check (using the CIF number) whether the client appears in the search results.
3.	If not, we select the plus icon from the upper right corner.
4.	In the new tab we provide following information:
a.	client  CIF number
b.	value of the counter that we want to add
c.	currency
5.	We select save button located in the upper right corner.
6.	If client appeared in search results, we double click on it.
7.	After this, repeat step 4 and save the changes.
FAQ
